Fixes the regridding of vertor field with subdomains without DE. Also (#2093)
GEOS-ESM/MAPL: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> -Fixed the handling of vector regridding for a subdomain with a local DE. Also fixed the no-de case involving vertical regridding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed
- Fixed the handling of vector regridding for a subdomain with a local DE. 
- Fixed the no-de case involving vertical regridding
```

Reviewer: For the first bullet, is there an empty DE - sentence is not quite accurate I think.

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - Fixed the handling of vector regridding for a subdomain with a local DE. 
> - Fixed the no-de case involving vertical regridding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the handling of vector regridding for a subdomain with no-DE. 
- Fixed the no-DE case related to vertical regridding.
```
